hey YouTube what's up how to unlock here
and today I'm gonna be showing you how
to unlock the Motorola flip side so what
you're gonna want to do is take a
t-mobile SIM card and then put it right
in the back right here
and then throw the battery back in and
we are gonna power up the phone
and it says sim network unlock pin and
to get this pin you're gonna want to go
to WWE lock cell proton link will be in
the description and you will buy in
unlock code and you will get it in your
email this took one day for me it might
take a little longer but usually it
takes her own a day so once you get an
email from them you're gonna enter the
unlock code every unlock code is
different so don't enter this one in
and then hit a mock and it says
requesting network unlock successful and
now it says motoblur and then you'll
activate the phone and you'll be
unlocked for t-mobile so if you have any
questions feel free to leave a comment
also rate this video a thumbs up and be
sure to subscribe for more unlocking
videos - see you guys peace